Overview of Previous SOTA Models -  (Unit 7 ) (#320)
johko/computer-vision-course: chapters/en/unit7/video-processing/overview-of-previous-sota-models.mdx

</div>

This paper extended deep Convolution Networks(ConvNets) to perform action-recognition in video data. 

The proposed architecture is called Two-Stream Network. It uses two separate pathways within a neural network:

- **Spatial Stream:** A standard 2D CNN processes individual frames to capture appearance information.
- **Temporal Stream:** A 2D CNN, or another network, that processes several frame sequences (optical flow) to capture motion information.
- **Fusion:** The outputs from both streams are then combined to leverage both appearance and motion cues for tasks like action recognition.

## 3D ResNets(2017):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models Residual block. Shortcut connections bypass a signal from the top of the block to the tail. Signals are summed at the tail..png" alt="Residual block. Shortcut connections bypass a signal from the top of the block to the tail. Signals are summed at the tail.">
</div>

> Standard 3D CNNs extend the concept to capture spatial and temporal information simultaneously using 3D kernels (2D spatial information + temporal information). A downfall of this model is that the large number of parameters of the 3D CNNs makes it slower than 2D CNNs. Therefore, 3D CNNs typically are relatively shallow compared to the architecture of 2D CNNs. 
> 
> In this paper, they applied the architecture of ResNets to 3D CNNs. This model introduces deeper models for the 3D CNNs and achieves a lower loss value.

Author: ```suggestion
Standard 3D CNNs extend the concept to capture spatial and temporal information simultaneously using 3D kernels (2D spatial information + temporal information). A drawback of this model is that the large number of parameters in 3D CNNs makes them slower and more computationally intensive than 2D CNNs. Therefore, 3D CNNs typically have fewer layers compared to the deeper architectures of 2D CNNs.

In this paper, the authors applied the ResNet architecture to 3D CNNs. This approach introduces deeper models for 3D CNNs and achieves higher accuracy, thereby improving performance.
```

## (2+1)D ResNets(2017):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models 3D vs (2+1)D convolution..png" alt="3D vs (2+1)D convolution.">
</div>

(2+1)D ResNets is inspired by 3D ResNets. Howver, a key difference is how the layers are structured. This architecture introduces a combination of 2D convolution and 1D convolution:

- 2D convolution capture spatial features within a frame.
- 1D convolution capture motion information across consecutive frames.

This model can learn spatiotemporal features directly from video data, potentially leading to better performance in video analysis tasks like action recognition.

- Benefits:
    - The addition of nonlinear rectification (ReLU) between two operations doubles the number of non-linearities compared to a network using full 3D convolution for the same number of parameters, thus rendering the model capable of representing more complex functions.
    - Decomposition facilitates the optimization, yielding in practice both a lower training loss and a lower testing loss.

# Current Research

> Currently, researchers are exploring deeper 3D CNN architectures. Another promising approach is combining 3D CNNs with other techniques like attention mechanisms. Alongside that, there is a push for developing larger video datasets like Kinetics.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, researchers are exploring deeper 3D CNN architectures. Another promising approach is combining 3D CNNs with other techniques like attention mechanisms. Alongside that, there is a push for developing larger video datasets like [Kinetics](https://github.com/google-deepmind/kinetics-i3d).

> The Kinetics dataset is a large-scale, high-quality video dataset commonly used for human action recognition research. It contains hundreds of thousands of video clips that cover a wide range of human activities.
>
```

> # Overview of Previous SOTA Models – Including 3D CNNs like (2+1)D Resnets and Two Stream Nets 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Overview of the previous SOTA models
```

> ## What does SOTA mean in the context of ML?
> 
> State-Of-The-Art(SOTA) refers to the best models that can be used to achieve results in a task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this is redundant in this unit 7. the definition of SOTA can be googled by the readers.

> ### General Trend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### General trend:
```

- The success of deep learning, particularly CNNs trained on massive datasets like ImageNet, has revolutionized image recognition.
- Researchers are applying this approach to video understanding, but video data introduces an additional temporal dimension compared to static images.

> # Previous SOTA Models in Video Processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Previous SOTA models in Video Processing
```

- **Fusion:** The outputs from both streams are then combined to leverage both appearance and motion cues for tasks like action recognition.

Two-Stream architecture had achieved SOTA accuracy on video classification.

## 3D ResNets(2017):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models Residual block. Shortcut connections bypass a signal from the top of the block to the tail. Signals are summed at the tail..png" alt="Residual block. Shortcut connections bypass a signal from the top of the block to the tail. Signals are summed at the tail.">
</div>

Standard 3D CNNs extend concept to capture spatial(2D) and temporal information simultaneously using 3D kernels. The large number of parameters of the 3D CNNs makes slower than 2D CNNs. Therefore, 3D CNNs are relatively shallow compared to the architecture of 2D CNNs. 

In this paper, they applied the architecture of ResNets to 3D CNNs. This model introduces deeper models for the 3D CNNs and achieving lower loss at convergence.

> 

Author: I totally agree that including a table of previous loss values would be beneficial for the reader. I will commit the updated version with the new table.

> 

Reviewer 2: Thank you! I like it a lot now with the table :) It is easier to see how it improved the previous SOTA

## (2+1)D ResNets(2017):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models 3D vs (2+1)D convolution..png" alt="3D vs (2+1)D convolution.">
</div>

(2+1)D ResNets is inspired by 3D ResNets. This architecture introduces a combination of 2D convolution and 1D convolution:

- 2D convolution capture spatial features within a frame.
- 1D convolution capture motion information across consecutive frames.

This model can learn spatiotemporal features directly from video data, potentially leading to better performance in video analysis tasks like action recognition.

- Benefits:
    - The addition of nonlinear rectification(ReLU) between two operations effectively doubles the number of non-linearities compared to a network using full 3D convolution for the same number of parameters, thus rendering the model capable of representing more complex functions.
    - Decomposition facilitates the optimization, yielding in practice both a lower training loss and a lower testing loss.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
| Method                        | Clip@1 Accuracy | Video@1 Accuracy | Video@5 Accuracy |
|-------------------------------|--------|---------|---------|
| DeepVideo [16]                | 41.9   | 60.9    | 80.2    |
| C3D [36]                      | 46.1   | 61.1    | 85.2    |
| 2D ResNet-152 [13]            | 46.5  | 64.6    | 86.4    |
| Conv pooling [42]             | -      | 71.7    | 90.4    |
| P3D [25]                      | 47.9  | 66.4   | 87.4   |
| R3D-RGB-8frame                | 53.8   | -       | -       |
| R(2+1)D-RGB-8frame            | 56.1   | 72.0    | 91.2    |
| R(2+1)D-Flow-8frame           | 44.5   | 65.5    | 87.2    |
| R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-8frame     | -      | 72.2    | 91.4    |
| R(2+1)D-RGB-32frame           | **57.0**   | **73.0**    | **91.5**    |
| R(2+1)D-Flow-32frame          | 46.4   | 68.4    | 88.7    |
| R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-32frame    | -      | **73.3**    | **91.9**    |
```

# Current Research

> 

Author: Sure! I'll include a brief description of the dataset with the link.

> 

Reviewer 2: thank you for taking care of this <3

> 

Reviewer 2: thank you!

> - Researchers are exploring deeper 3D CNN architectures along with the development of larger video datasets like Kinetics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, researchers are exploring deeper 3D CNN architectures. Another promising approach is combining 3D CNNs with other techniques like attention mechanisms. Alongside that, there is a push for developing larger video datasets like Kinetics.
```

- New approaches that combine 3D CNNs with other techniques like attention mechanisms are also being investigated.

<Tip>

[Papers with Code](https://paperswithcode.com/) is a free and open resource that provides access to research papers in the field of machine learning, along with the code implementations of the methods and algorithms described in these papers. One of its key features is the ability to see the state-of-the-art (SOTA) models for various machine learning tasks and benchmarks. This makes it an invaluable tool for researchers and practitioners who want to stay updated with the latest advancements and implement cutting-edge models.

> </TIP>

Author: ```suggestion
</Tip>
```

# Overview of the previous SOTA models

> ### General trend:

Reviewer 3: Is there a reason you have 3x# instead of 2x# as in the other headings further down?
Also I think the second word should be capitalized as well
```suggestion
### General Trend:
```

> The success of deep learning, particularly CNNs trained on massive datasets like ImageNet, revolutionized image recognition. This trend continues in video processing. However, video data introduces another dimension compared to static images: time. This simple change introduced a new set of challenges that CNN trained in static images were not built to deal with. 

Reviewer 3: Capitalization for consistency in the course
```suggestion
The success of Deep Learning, particularly CNNs trained on massive datasets like ImageNet, revolutionized image recognition. This trend continues in video processing. However, video data introduces another dimension compared to static images: time. This simple change introduced a new set of challenges that CNN trained in static images were not built to deal with. 
```

> # Previous SOTA models in Video Processing

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Previous SOTA Models in Video Processing
```

## Two-Stream Network(2014):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models Two-Stream architecture for video classification.png" alt="Two-Stream architecture for video classification">
</div>

> This paper extended deep Convolution Networks(ConvNets) to perform action-recognition in video data. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This paper extended Deep Convolutional Networks(ConvNets) to perform action-recognition in video data. 
```

The proposed architecture is called Two-Stream Network. It uses two separate pathways within a neural network:

- **Spatial Stream:** A standard 2D CNN processes individual frames to capture appearance information.
- **Temporal Stream:** A 2D CNN, or another network, that processes several frame sequences (optical flow) to capture motion information.
- **Fusion:** The outputs from both streams are then combined to leverage both appearance and motion cues for tasks like action recognition.

## 3D ResNets(2017):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models Residual block. Shortcut connections bypass a signal from the top of the block to the tail. Signals are summed at the tail..png" alt="Residual block. Shortcut connections bypass a signal from the top of the block to the tail. Signals are summed at the tail.">
</div>

> Standard 3D CNNs extend the concept to capture spatial and temporal information simultaneously using 3D kernels (2D spatial information + temporal information). A drawback of this model is that the large number of parameters in 3D CNNs makes them slower and more computationally intensive than 2D CNNs. Therefore, 3D CNNs typically have fewer layers compared to the deeper architectures of 2D CNNs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard 3D CNNs extend the concept to simultaneously capture spatial and temporal information using 3D kernels (2D spatial information + temporal information). A drawback of this model is that the large number of parameters result the training being more computationally intensive and hence slower than the 2D version. Therefore, the 3D version of the ConvNets typically has fewer layers than the deeper architectures of 2D CNNs.
```

> In this paper, the authors applied the ResNet architecture to 3D CNNs. This approach introduces deeper models for 3D CNNs and achieves higher accuracy, thereby improving performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this paper, the authors applied the ResNet architecture to the 3D CNNs. This approach introduces deeper models for 3D CNNs and achieves higher accuracy.
```

> Experiments showed that 3D ResNets (especially deeper ones like ResNet-34) outperform models like C3D, particularly on larger datasets. Pretrained models like Sports-1M C3D can help mitigate overfitting on smaller datasets. Overall, 3D ResNets effectively leverage deeper architectures to capture complex spatiotemporal patterns in video data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experiments showed that the 3D ResNets (especially deeper ones like the ResNet-34) outperform models like the C3D, particularly on larger datasets. Pretrained models like Sports-1M C3D can help mitigate overfitting on smaller datasets. Overall, 3D ResNets effectively leverage deeper architectures to capture complex spatiotemporal patterns in the video data.
```

| Method                | Validation set |             |            | Testing set |             |            |
|-----------------------|----------------|-------------|------------|-------------|-------------|------------|
|                       | Top-1          | Top-5       | Average    | Top-1       | Top-5       | Average    |
| 3D ResNet-34   | 58.0           | 81.3        | **69.7**   | -           | -           | **68.9**   |
| C3D*                  | 55.6           | 79.1        | 67.4       | 56.1        | 79.5        | 67.8       |
| C3D w/ BN         | 56.1           | 79.5        | 67.8       | -           | -           | -          |
| RGB-I3D w/o ImageNet | -          | -           | 68.4       | 88.0        | **78.2**    |

## (2+1)D ResNets(2017):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models 3D vs (2+1)D convolution..png" alt="3D vs (2+1)D convolution.">
</div>

> (2+1)D ResNets is inspired by 3D ResNets. Howver, a key difference is how the layers are structured. This architecture introduces a combination of 2D convolution and 1D convolution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(2+1)D ResNets are inspired by the 3D ResNets. However, a key difference lies in how the layers are structured. This architecture introduces a combination of 2D convolution and 1D convolution:
```

> - 2D convolution capture spatial features within a frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The 2D convolution captures the spatial features within a frame.
```

> - 1D convolution capture motion information across consecutive frames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The 1D convolution captures the motion information across the consecutive frames.
```

This model can learn spatiotemporal features directly from video data, potentially leading to better performance in video analysis tasks like action recognition.

- Benefits:
    - The addition of nonlinear rectification (ReLU) between two operations doubles the number of non-linearities compared to a network using full 3D convolution for the same number of parameters, thus rendering the model capable of representing more complex functions.

>     - Decomposition facilitates the optimization, yielding in practice both a lower training loss and a lower testing loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Decomposition facilitates the optimization, yielding in lower train loss and test loss in practice.
```

| 2D ResNet-152            | 46.5  | 64.6    | 86.4    |
| Conv pooling             | -      | 71.7    | 90.4    |
| P3D                      | 47.9  | 66.4   | 87.4   |
| R3D-RGB-8frame                | 53.8   | -       | -       |
| R(2+1)D-RGB-8frame            | 56.1   | 72.0    | 91.2    |
| R(2+1)D-Flow-8frame           | 44.5   | 65.5    | 87.2    |
| R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-8frame     | -      | 72.2    | 91.4    |
| R(2+1)D-RGB-32frame           | **57.0**   | **73.0**    | **91.5**    |
| R(2+1)D-Flow-32frame          | 46.4   | 68.4    | 88.7    |
| R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-32frame    | -      | **73.3**    | **91.9**    |

# Current Research

Currently, researchers are exploring deeper 3D CNN architectures. Another promising approach is combining 3D CNNs with other techniques like attention mechanisms. Alongside that, there is a push for developing larger video datasets like [Kinetics](https://github.com/google-deepmind/kinetics-i3d).
The Kinetics dataset is a large-scale high-quality video dataset commonly used for human action recognition research. It contains hundreds of thousands of video clips that cover a wide range of human activities.

<Tip>

> [Papers with Code](https://paperswithcode.com/) is a free and open resource that provides access to research papers in the field of machine learning, along with the code implementations of the methods and algorithms described in these papers. One of its key features is the ability to see the state-of-the-art (SOTA) models for various machine learning tasks and benchmarks. This makes it an invaluable tool for researchers and practitioners who want to stay updated with the latest advancements and implement cutting-edge models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not needed I believe

Reviewer 3: I agree that it is not necessarily needed, but from my side it could also stay in, because it can be a valuable tip for beginners. Maybe just move it below the conclusion part, so it does not break the reading flow

</Tip>

# Conclusion

> The evolution of video analysis models has been fascinating to witness. These models were heavily influenced by other models which once were the state-of-the-art. For example, Two-StreamNets motivated by ConvNets and (2+1)D ResNets inspired by 3D ResNets. As research progresses, one can expect even more advanced architectures and techniques to emerge in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The evolution of video analysis models has been fascinating to witness. These models were heavily influenced by other SOTA models. For example, Two-StreamNets was motivated by the  ConvNets and (2+1)D ResNets were inspired by the 3D ResNets. As the research progresses, one can expect even more advanced architectures and techniques to emerge in the future.
```

## (2+1)D ResNets(2017):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models 3D vs (2+1)D convolution..png" alt="3D vs (2+1)D convolution.">
</div>

(2+1)D ResNets is inspired by 3D ResNets. Howver, a key difference is how the layers are structured. This architecture introduces a combination of 2D convolution and 1D convolution:

- 2D convolution capture spatial features within a frame.
- 1D convolution capture motion information across consecutive frames.

This model can learn spatiotemporal features directly from video data, potentially leading to better performance in video analysis tasks like action recognition.

- Benefits:
    - The addition of nonlinear rectification (ReLU) between two operations doubles the number of non-linearities compared to a network using full 3D convolution for the same number of parameters, thus rendering the model capable of representing more complex functions.
    - Decomposition facilitates the optimization, yielding in practice both a lower training loss and a lower testing loss.

> | Method                        | Clip@1 Accuracy | Video@1 Accuracy | Video@5 Accuracy |
> |-------------------------------|--------|---------|---------|
> | DeepVideo [16]                | 41.9   | 60.9    | 80.2    |
> | C3D [36]                      | 46.1   | 61.1    | 85.2    |
> | 2D ResNet-152 [13]            | 46.5  | 64.6    | 86.4    |
> | Conv pooling [42]             | -      | 71.7    | 90.4    |
> | P3D [25]                      | 47.9  | 66.4   | 87.4   |
> | R3D-RGB-8frame                | 53.8   | -       | -       |
> | R(2+1)D-RGB-8frame            | 56.1   | 72.0    | 91.2    |
> | R(2+1)D-Flow-8frame           | 44.5   | 65.5    | 87.2    |
> | R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-8frame     | -      | 72.2    | 91.4    |
> | R(2+1)D-RGB-32frame           | **57.0**   | **73.0**    | **91.5**    |
> | R(2+1)D-Flow-32frame          | 46.4   | 68.4    | 88.7    |
> | R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-32frame    | -      | **73.3**    | **91.9**    |

Author: ```suggestion

| Method                        | Clip@1 Accuracy | Video@1 Accuracy | Video@5 Accuracy |
|-------------------------------|--------|---------|---------|
| DeepVideo                | 41.9   | 60.9    | 80.2    |
| C3D                     | 46.1   | 61.1    | 85.2    |
| 2D ResNet-152            | 46.5  | 64.6    | 86.4    |
| Conv pooling             | -      | 71.7    | 90.4    |
| P3D                      | 47.9  | 66.4   | 87.4   |
| R3D-RGB-8frame                | 53.8   | -       | -       |
| R(2+1)D-RGB-8frame            | 56.1   | 72.0    | 91.2    |
| R(2+1)D-Flow-8frame           | 44.5   | 65.5    | 87.2    |
| R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-8frame     | -      | 72.2    | 91.4    |
| R(2+1)D-RGB-32frame           | **57.0**   | **73.0**    | **91.5**    |
| R(2+1)D-Flow-32frame          | 46.4   | 68.4    | 88.7    |
| R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-32frame    | -      | **73.3**    | **91.9**    |

```

# Overview of the previous SOTA models

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### General trend:

> The success of deep learning, particularly CNNs trained on massive datasets like ImageNet,  revolutionized image recognition. This trend continues in video processing. However, video data introduces another dimension compared to static images: time. This simple change introduced a new set of challenges that CNN trained in static images were not built to deal with. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The success of deep learning, particularly CNNs trained on massive datasets like ImageNet, revolutionized image recognition. This trend continues in video processing. However, video data introduces another dimension compared to static images: time. This simple change introduced a new set of challenges that CNN trained in static images were not built to deal with. 
```

# Previous SOTA models in Video Processing

## Two-Stream Network(2014):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models Two-Stream architecture for video classification.png" alt="Two-Stream architecture for video classification">
</div>

This paper extended deep Convolution Networks(ConvNets) to perform action-recognition in video data. 

The proposed architecture is called Two-Stream Network. It uses two separate pathways within a neural network:

- **Spatial Stream:** A standard 2D CNN processes individual frames to capture appearance information.
- **Temporal Stream:** A 2D CNN, or another network, that processes several frame sequences (optical flow) to capture motion information.
- **Fusion:** The outputs from both streams are then combined to leverage both appearance and motion cues for tasks like action recognition.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## 3D ResNets(2017):

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/hf-vision/course-assets/resolve/main/previous sota models/SOTA Models Residual block. Shortcut connections bypass a signal from the top of the block to the tail. Signals are summed at the tail..png" alt="Residual block. Shortcut connections bypass a signal from the top of the block to the tail. Signals are summed at the tail.">
</div>

Standard 3D CNNs extend the concept to capture spatial and temporal information simultaneously using 3D kernels (2D spatial information + temporal information). A drawback of this model is that the large number of parameters in 3D CNNs makes them slower and more computationally intensive than 2D CNNs. Therefore, 3D CNNs typically have fewer layers compared to the deeper architectures of 2D CNNs.

In this paper, the authors applied the ResNet architecture to 3D CNNs. This approach introduces deeper models for 3D CNNs and achieves higher accuracy, thereby improving performance.

> Experiments showed that 3D ResNets, especially deeper ones like ResNet-34, outperform models like C3D, particularly on larger datasets. Pretrained models like Sports-1M C3D can help mitigate overfitting on smaller datasets. Overall, 3D ResNets effectively leverage deeper architectures to capture complex spatiotemporal patterns in video data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Experiments showed that 3D ResNets (especially deeper ones like ResNet-34) outperform models like C3D, particularly on larger datasets. Pretrained models like Sports-1M C3D can help mitigate overfitting on smaller datasets. Overall, 3D ResNets effectively leverage deeper architectures to capture complex spatiotemporal patterns in video data.
```

|-------------------------------|--------|---------|---------|
| DeepVideo                | 41.9   | 60.9    | 80.2    |
| C3D                     | 46.1   | 61.1    | 85.2    |
| 2D ResNet-152            | 46.5  | 64.6    | 86.4    |
| Conv pooling             | -      | 71.7    | 90.4    |
| P3D                      | 47.9  | 66.4   | 87.4   |
| R3D-RGB-8frame                | 53.8   | -       | -       |
| R(2+1)D-RGB-8frame            | 56.1   | 72.0    | 91.2    |
| R(2+1)D-Flow-8frame           | 44.5   | 65.5    | 87.2    |
| R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-8frame     | -      | 72.2    | 91.4    |
| R(2+1)D-RGB-32frame           | **57.0**   | **73.0**    | **91.5**    |
| R(2+1)D-Flow-32frame          | 46.4   | 68.4    | 88.7    |
| R(2+1)D-Two-Stream-32frame    | -      | **73.3**    | **91.9**    |

# Current Research

Currently, researchers are exploring deeper 3D CNN architectures. Another promising approach is combining 3D CNNs with other techniques like attention mechanisms. Alongside that, there is a push for developing larger video datasets like [Kinetics](https://github.com/google-deepmind/kinetics-i3d).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> > The Kinetics dataset is a large-scale, high-quality video dataset commonly used for human action recognition research. It contains hundreds of thousands of video clips that cover a wide range of human activities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kinetics dataset is a large-scale high-quality video dataset commonly used for human action recognition research. It contains hundreds of thousands of video clips that cover a wide range of human activities.
```

> >

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
